Add 1.2.6 Sign Language (Prerecorded) (Level AAA) - comments on level… (#848)
w3c/wcag2ict: comments-on-level-AAA-success-criteria.md

<div class="ednote">
  
Guidance currently under development by the WCAG2ICT Task Force. See GitHub <a href="https://github.com/w3c/wcag2ict/issues/532" target="_blank">Issue 532</a>.</div>

This applies directly as written, and as described in [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 1.2.6](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/sign-language-prerecorded#intent).

<div class="note wcag2ict">

> To date, meeting this success criteria has proven to be challenging, as it is  logistically impossible for all existing sign language interpreters to handle all content. Emerging technologies may, in the future, allow translation from text or speech to sign language directly. At that time, those who need sign language could use such a translator in the same way people who are blind use a screen reader. This would give people who need sign language a similar experience to that of screen reader users for all web content. As always, authors should not rely on such solutions until they are commonly available at a quality accepted by the signing community. In the meantime, providing sign language interpretation continues to be a need for native sign language users, especially in the context of any public service content.

Author: ```suggestion
To date, meeting this success criteria has proven to be challenging, as it is  logistically impossible for all existing sign language interpreters to handle all content. Emerging technologies may, in the future, allow translation from text or speech to sign language directly. At that time, those who need sign language could use such an automated translation tool in the same way people who are blind use a screen reader. This would give people who need sign language access to content in a way that is similar to that of screen reader users. As always, authors should not rely on such solutions until they are commonly available at a quality accepted by the signing community. In the meantime, providing sign language interpretation continues to be a need for native sign language users, especially in the context of any public service content.
```

</div>

> <div class="note wcag2ict"> (Added)

Reviewer: The "(Added)" is not needed, it's handled by the scripts.

```suggestion
<div class="note wcag2ict">
```
